c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.dll.config
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.pdb
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.pdb
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Core.Dal.Ado.Net.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Entity.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\IRepository.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ProductStore.dll
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Core.Dal.Ado.Net.pdb
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Entity.pdb
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\IRepository.pdb
c:\users\jeka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ProductStore.pdb
C:\Users\Jeka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Jeka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.dll.config
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Core.Dal.Ado.Net.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Entity.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\IRepository.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Owin.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ProductStore.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Core.Dal.Ado.Net.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Entity.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\IRepository.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ProductStore.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.csproj.CopyComplete
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.dll.config
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\StoreWeb.pdb
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Core.Dal.Ado.Net.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Entity.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\IRepository.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Owin.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ProductStore.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Core.Dal.Ado.Net.pdb
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Entity.pdb
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\IRepository.pdb
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ProductStore.pdb
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\obj\Debug\StoreWeb.pdb
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
L:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\MvcCheckBoxList.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\new_Web\StoreWeb\StoreWeb\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
